Update the page on "Switching from JMS to HTTP(S)" (#595)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/examples/protocol-switching/switching-from-jms-to-http.md

# Switching from JMS to HTTP(S)

> This example demonstrates how the Micro Integrator receives messages over the JMS transport and forwards it over an HTTP/S transport. In this sample, the client sends a request message to the proxy service exposed in JMS. The Micro Integrator forwards this message to the HTTP endpoint and returns the reply to the client through a JMS temporary queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how the Micro Integrator receives messages over the JMS transport and forwards them over an HTTP/S transport. In this sample, the client sends a request message to the proxy service exposed in JMS. The Micro Integrator forwards this message to the HTTP endpoint and returns the reply to the client through a JMS temporary queue.
```

Following are the integration artifacts (proxy service) that we can used to implement this scenario. See the instructions on how to [build and run](#build-and-run) this example.

> 

Reviewer: receives a messages -> receives messages

Reviewer: returns the reply back to the client -> returns the reply to the client

Reviewer: Following are the integration artifacts (proxy service) that we can used to implement this scenario.
->

Following are the integration artifacts (proxy service) that we can use to implement this scenario.

            <inSequence>
                <property action="set" name="OUT_ONLY" value="true" />
                <call>
                    <endpoint key="SimpleStockQuoteService" />
                </call>
            </inSequence>
            <faultSequence/>
        </target>
        <parameter name="transport.jms.ContentType">
            <rules>
                <jmsProperty>contentType</jmsProperty>
                <default>text/xml</default>
            </rules>
        </parameter>
        <parameter name="transport.jms.Destination">Queue1</parameter>
        <parameter name="transport.jms.ConnectionFactory">myQueueListener</parameter>
    </proxy>
    ```
=== "Endpoint"
    ```xml
    <endpoint name="SimpleStockQuoteService" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
       <address uri="http://localhost:9000/services/SimpleStockQuoteService"/>
    </endpoint>
    ```

## Build and Run

Create the artifacts:

{!includes/build-and-run.md!}.
3. Create the [proxy service]({{base_path}}/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-a-proxy-service) with the configurations given above.
4. [Deploy the artifacts]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts) in your Micro Integrator.

> 5. Start the selected message broker and create a queue with name <strong>Queue1</strong>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Start the selected message broker and create a queue named <strong>Queue1</strong>. 
```
